What is it. honey?
I am busy.
Yes.
What do you want to buy?
- Hui. help me write it down.
- Okay.
Snake wine. crocodile meat.
pangolin gallbladder.
Are you trying to poison me?
I'm going home
for dinner tonight.
Okay. I have to go now.
This place is great.
Hui. wait here.
It was a pleasure working with you.
Yes!
Everyone's coming today. huh?
Good!
Gucheng is fantastic place.
Perfect for tourism development.
We can build
amusement park here...
...and place
two hotels on the beach.
Of course. the casino is a must.
Leave it to me. okay?
Mr. Song.
Forgive me...
...but the project manager
has chosen Cani.
Next time we will definitely
will work together.
I know.
I came just to remind you...
...your brother-in-law has
going around spreading rumors...
...saying that you
corrupt and money laundering.
But don't worry.
I've caught him.
He is now in my hands.
Should I hand it over to the police...
...or to you?
What do you think?
Chief. this project is quite difficult.
to be developed.
Song is a capable developer.
How about we talk about
joint development?
How?
I can handle this alone.
Why should you invite?
this loser?
Who do you think you are?
You are just an outsider.
I could shoot you right now.
I don't believe you.
I will shoot you
in my head right now!
Can you shoot or not?
You should have shot that way.
Now I'm covered in blood.
Do you want to work for me or not?
Get rid of your boss's body.
Okay. it's okay.
Clean it up.
Clean up. and we're fine.
Everyone knows...
...what kind of person am I.
I'm always involved...
...in the business that
invalid in the past...
...but now I
want an honest business.
Give me a chance...
...to produce
money honestly.
Yes. Chief?
Head...
...I think Mr. Song
is our best choice.
If you don't cooperate
and something happened in your village...
...how can I help you?
Okay. Follow me.
Our village has
traditional customs...
...worshiping sacred wood.
After the ceremony...
...we invite guests
to take sacred wood.
Whoever can take it...
...will be the guest of honor
for our village for this year.
If you can get it...
...I will work with you.
Agreed.
Mr. Song...
...nothing is
ever took...
...sacred wood during
more than ten years.
- No one else wants to try?
- I.
New person?
What's your name?
Zheng Zha.
You'd better just play the guitar.
Now I have get sacred wood...
...Can we
sign the contract?
Why the right to cultivate
changed to land ownership rights?
This land is too valuable...
...to be
your "playground".
Leave it to me.
The money I have
give it to you...
...enough for you
spend a lifetime.
You call this sincerity?
I won't sign it.
There is no need to discuss this further.
Chairman. just sign it.
This is a lot of money.
We can't fight it.
We have lived in this land
for hundreds of years.
This land is ours.
We can't give it to outsiders.
Head.
Head!
Anyway. you will get
what you deserve.
Not a penny less.
The village head was killed today.
He fell into the sea
while squatting in the toilet.
His whereabouts are unknown.
Well. today is happy day.
Let's take a photo together
to commemorate it. Come on.
- Come closer.
- Come on. guys.
Let me take a photo.
Let me do it.
One two three.
Darling. everything is fine.
I'm going home.
Everything went smoothly.
Is the soup ready?
A very tiring day.
I will definitely eat soup.
10 YEARS LATER
Kick. kick!
Don't just stand there
and stare. kick!
Wrong!
Kick!
Hello. Zha.
I'm here.
Everything is alright.
I will arrange it soon.
Now...
...you guys. come here.
You have worked hard...
...and now the opportunity
you become rich.
Zha currently needs help.
In one minute...
...whoever
last stand...
...we'll talk later.
Za.
Clean this place.
Help them put on
bulletproof vest.
There is money everywhere in Laika.
If you are not afraid of death. you
have the opportunity to rise.
From now on...
...this is your battlefield.
I want to see...
...how cruel you are...
...in order to get money.
What's your name?
Su Wan.
Minister Wu. thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Look at the decoration of this hotel.
Song owns eight hotels
at this level in Laika.
Please.
Minister Wu.
- WELCOME.
- Mr. Song.
Please.
Mr. Song. you are truly a
powerful businessman in Laika.
Considering the financial strength
and your workforce...
...the position of mayor
you have to hold it.
If I'm lucky enough
to become mayor...
...I'm sure it will be
blessings to the Laika community.
Is that girl have time tonight?
Time is something
which can be arranged.
As long as you like it.
that's all that matters.
Mr. Song. everyone
think you're great.
But as you know...
...you are not
the only one who is capable.
Of course.
Have you ever heard about
transportation tycoon Lin Kun. right?
He also wants to run for office.
Good.
Competition drives progress.
This position...
...now at 30 million dollars.
But if Lin Kun run for office...
...I can't say
how much it cost at that time.
Okay.
Thank you for the information.
Mr. Minister.
Minister..
Thank you for your help.
By the way. when
talking about watches...
...it doesn't have to
be the most expensive.
If one day your status changes...
...choose what suits your taste
high to wear.
Understand.
Enjoy.
He doesn't like you.
Boss. how did it go?
As I expected.
Lin Kun also volunteered.
Have you got what I asked for?
I told them moving tonight.
Let Zha take care of it.
Send Lin Kun a big gift.
Okay.
LAIKA CHINA-CHINA
I'll just go up by myself.
Get ready and help me later.
Let us...
...make Laika...
...a better place!
Cheers!
Would you like to make a donation?
I came here to bring
a gift for you.
- Apparently he is.
- She is an actress.
I heard Mr. Lin
having an affair with that woman.
You got her pregnant...
...and now you want
silence him.
Luckily. I succeeded
save him in time.
Take my wife away first.
Yes. sir. Mrs. Lin. let's go.
Mrs. Lin. come.
This phone is recording
every word you say...
...to him during
the last three years...
...including every time you
attack him or threaten him.
That's enough.
Because you are happy...
...I will not spoil
your mood.
See you.
Take that phone back.
Okay sir.
Catch him!
Take back the phone!
Stop! Don't run!
Don't run!
Move!
Stop!
Come on up.
I will kill you!
How could you be so careless?
Get rid of this problem.
Involve the public relations team.
Lin Kun.
You don't have to be so cruel.
You are known now.
You still want to
running for mayor?
Just step back.
I can also promise to you now...
...that you can stay in business.
I even give you resources.
Cheers.
What?
You think you can use
one woman to force me out?
You underestimate me.
This is a private place.
Let them all go.
Don't you want a drink?
Then I will use it
to respect you.
I changed my mind.
People like you...
...will ultimately be punished.
Either you die or he does.
Just choose.
Hui. are you done?
Okay.
Stop fighting.
Time to go.
Let's go. There's a police officer.
Don't mind me.
Let's go.
You want to kill him?
Put down your weapons!
Hey. put down your knife!
Let go!
Drop it.
Drop the knife!
Now!
Handcuff them and take them all away.
LAIKA POLICE STATION
Did I tell you to?
to drink it?
Pack.
Have you vented your frustration?
Isn't it time to let go?
You can't hold us long
for group disputes.
Lin Kun is dead.
Are you the one fishing?
to keep its members away...
...so Song Bang can attack?
What?
You mean Song Bang kill Lin Kun?
Do you have any witnesses?
You can come to us
when you have proof.
Song Bang wants to run
himself to become mayor.
You must have big plans.
But. I have a message for him!
As long as I'm alive...
...I will monitor
all of you!
Mr. Mai.
I also want to say this
on behalf of Mr. Song...
...that with your position.
you don't need to worry.
If I were you.
I will retire in peace.
That's great. isn't it?
You're just a trash mafia!
Come on! Hit me!
I will not stop
watching over you guys!
What are you doing?
Aren't you
Have you complained enough?
You are a law enforcer.
Control yourself.
You may go.
There is someone who guarantees you.
Absolutely impatient.
How to
can you catch the criminal?
Pack.
You've done a lot.
and many people are watching you.
You have to be careful.
Thanks for the warning.
Officer Luo.
Still pretending
even though you almost died.
Adultery.
I'll call Xiaodao.
Come in.
Zha. are you okay?
What happened?
You are badly injured.
They all said
you have mystical abilities.
Others will not survive.
But. you still look cool
and sit in style.
Where's the morphine?
I'm here and everything will be safe.
Morphine.
Stitches.
No need.
No anesthetic?
If you keep moving.
I can't sew properly.
I can do it myself.
Alone?
Doesn't that hurt?
Since birth I have been insensitive
in pain.
So. if your hand is cut off.
won't you get sick?
There is no pain.
Just uncomfortable.
Zha. I'm going.
I can't take it anymore.
When the police came here.
I told you to stop.
Why don't you stop?
I want to kill him.
If I don't kill them.
they will kill me.
Now you're a gang member.
Not a killer.
If you keep thinking
to kill people...
...sooner or later
you will be killed.
So. Zha. what should I do?
Let them kill me?
This is my restaurant. not your company.
Don't talk about that here.
Zheng Zha. can we talk upstairs?
This is the first and last time.
If you ignore my orders again...
...I will get you out.
Su Wan is quite special.
Special problem.
Special like you.
Why is he like me?
I'm much more handsome.
No change.
Lai.
You are the best chemist
that I know.
You helped me
make a lot of money.
You said you wanted to go out...
...and I let you go
without saying anything.
Now I have a little problem.
I need a lot of money.
I don't think you'll refuse. right?
But once. you promised me...
...to never look for me again.
Okay. forget what I said.
This garbage compactor truck
our factory's new product.
There's too much trash in Laika.
I have to clean the city
for my campaign.
I'll start with your family.
Your brother. your sister.
your wife. and your son.
Who's first?
Bring the young ones.
He is stronger.
Lai. help me!
Help!
Help me. Lai!
Please!
Don't!
Bro!
Chemist Lai is a genius.
Does not do anything
make you trash.
These people change you
from genius to trash.
That means they are more trash!
Put them in!
Lai!
Don't!
Darling!
- Mother!
- Don't!
Bro. please stop.
Stop! I beg you!
Bro!
Don't!
Final.
Please!
Father!
Son!
- Son!
- Father!
Son!
Bro! I will do it.
Don't kill my son!
Bro. I will do it.
Run!
Run faster!
Good.
You can run.
How is the result?
I heard you were badly injured.
You are okay?
Just a small wound.
Quickly thank Hui.
Thank you. Hui.
I heard you're a great fighter.
Join us.
Look. the fish is flying.
He said. if the fish
jump to the surface...
...that's because of the big fish
is chasing them.
There is one!
Well done. Zha!
You caught the first one.
Absolutely can.
Very good!
Good.
I caught a big one too.
Come on! Help me!
Come on!
The rod could break. right?
You're better for this. Boss.
You know what bait
what do I use to catch big fish?
Everyone can catch big fish
with crab. but my bait...
...is a small fish.
Come on.
You know I'm running
himself to become mayor.
That costs a lot of money.
I found a stranger
who wants crystal methamphetamine.
I also have a chemist.
But. I'm short of raw materials.
Do you know?
What about Lewis?
He has a lot of raw materials.
So true.
He's got the goods.
But. he also
the most expensive in town.
No choice.
we have to buy from him.
I will use bait
worth 1 million dollars...
...to catch fish
worth 8 million dollars.
Who wants to come?
I want to.
What's your name?
Su Wan.
I go.
Follow me.
Zha. where are we going?
Are you looking to die?
What?
Do you know who Lewis is?
He is insane.
If you want to rob him.
then you are looking for death.
The bait must be eaten.
Even though the big fish was caught.
you will still die.
I'll talk to Mr. Song.
I will find a way
get raw materials.
This place is not for you.
Get out of here tonight
this is by ship.
If you're scared. I'll go alone.
Go.
I am not afraid with pain.
But. that doesn't mean
you can't die!
Several things...
...worth betting on.
You never felt that?
Come on.
Eat it.
What do you want for tonight?
There isn't any.
There is something that must be done
we do tonight.
How about a late night snack?
Durian pie.
How many?
What do you mean "how much"?
We both will go
then come back again.
LET'S PLAY!
Is Mr. Song looking down on me?
For important transactions...
...he sent the novice that night.
You have so much guts.
Son.
Drink it.
Wait.
Check the item first.
Boss. they
I have checked the goods.
No problem.
Son. you are so brave.
Let's have fun.
Son. if they leave...
...you will die too.
Tell them to hand over the goods!
Give them the goods.
Give it to them.
Okay. bring it.
Don't let them go!
You are the first person who dares
robbed my stuff.
I will show you
what it's like to live in hell.
Attack him!
I thought you were gone.
We come together.
Also have to go together.
There are more people who want to die.
Za.
This time. you do it good job.
You have helped me a lot.
I want to tell you something.
At the moment...
...I'm no longer suitable
manage the company.
Come to the company
in the last few days.
I will hand it over
the whole business to you.
Next Tuesday. come with me...
...to make transactions
with strangers.
Boss.
You have become
underground king Laika.
Why do you want to enter politics?
Do you still remember...
...ten years ago
while at the floating market?
If I don't deal with Terry...
...none of us
can stand until now.
He's just a deputy bureau chief...
...but can determine
our fate. Why?
Because he is...
...who makes the rules of the game.
Bukeya is right.
We sat at the dining table...
...or become a dish
at the dining table.
Of course we want to sit...
...and enjoy the meal
at the dining table.
Otherwise. we become
dishes for others.
Today...
...you are me from the past.
And I am...
...your future self.
Soon. this whole city...
...become ours.
What are you doing?
You said. this place outdated.
Because today there is time.
I came to renovate.
This color is warm and comfortable. right?
You changed your ways.
Change my ways?
Change profession.
It turns out what you said was true.
I've been thinking
about it for a long time.
I don't want to live
like this again.
I want to have a new identity.
What's that?
To be your husband.
In that case...
...I have a contract for you.
Are you pregnant?
- Forgive me.
- That's okay.
Add more dishes.
Let me cook tonight.
What do you want to eat? Come on.
Su Wan!
- Help me!
- I'm fine.
Eat a lot.
Hey.
Za.
You laugh so happily.
Really like boats?
This boat previously belonged to my father.
Aren't you afraid?
does the cat have a skin disease?
If I don't take care of it.
who else takes care of them?
You are very fierce when you fight.
I didn't expect that.
I feel...
...you don't fit in
for this job.
Once this transaction is completed...
...I will buy you a boat...
...so you can get started
business honestly.
Let's say.
that's the way out for me.
When I can't fight anymore...
...I will look for you.
Right. Mr. Su?
Thank you. Zha.
Why are you still wearing it?
that watch?
It looks outdated.
Even though it's outdated...
...this watch...
...my father's legacy
before he died.
I wear it...
...to continue
reminds me...
...so as not to forget the family.
Zha. you are a good person.
Good people deserve
get good things.
This is for you.
In particular
I ordered it for you.
FIVE DAYS BEFORE TRANSACTION
Za.
FOUR DAYS BEFORE TRANSACTION
THREE DAYS BEFORE TRANSACTION
TWO DAYS BEFORE TRANSACTION
TRANSACTION DAY
Hey! Willie!
How are you. man? Big guy. huh?
- So. where are we going?
- I don't know.
I'm also waiting for my boss.
So..
Mr. Song invites you
to get on the bus.
Let's go.
Hi. Willie.
Welcome to Laika!
The boss sends his regards to you.
Let's see.
Just relax. Come on.
Let's sit down.
Okay. Willie.
Let me show you the stuff.
Very good.
Yes!
Okay. Willie.
Come on. I'll take you home.
Caiwan Road. come on.
Officer Luo. need help?
Just mind your own business.
Willie.
We've got the money.
Give my regards to your boss.
See you next time.
We have agreed.
Very good. Good quality.
Police! Take the boss away!
- Raise your hands!
- Do not move!
Song Bang.
ADDRESS: CAIWAN STREET
COORDINATES: 48°N. 2°17'E
TIME: 16:52
It is time...
...Officer Zheng.
Za.
Come on!
Son. this time you work well.
He's your boss.
THREE DAYS BEFORE
He has worked for me for years.
Now you tell me
is he an undercover cop?
Then I will definitely
wrong about him.
If what I say is not true...
...you can kill me.
But if I'm right...
...we will all die.
Kid. you're not seasick. are you?
No. I grew up
at the floating market.
Is it true?
Good people deserve
get good things.
Ten years ago.
you didn't kill me.
I was returning the favor.
But Song Bang must die.
Live a good life with Zina.
Don't look for me anymore.
That was my father's old boat.
- Hi. Za.
- Eka Vat-Nava.
What kind of boat is that?
Where is the boat anchored?
Eka Vat-Nava.
Eka Pier.
Su Wan...
...What do you want?
Do you remember it?
No.
Can you give me a hint?
Her name is Su Tai.
You are careless.
Dad. when
will your work be finished?
Around noon. Then I
will come back to accompany you.
Be nice.
- Chief Su Tai. we have arrived.
- Hi. friends.
Head!
Su Tai.
Su Wan.
So. you're the one who disappeared
ten years ago.
Ten years ago. you killed him...
...then throw it into the sea.
I will make sure you meet him
in the same way.
Are you ready to be
shark food. Mr. Song?
What are you doing?
Just makes you bleed a little.
Become fishing bait.
Don't kill him.
He will go to jail.
He has killed so many people.
Has he ever been punished?
I can catch it now.
For all crimes
what he has done...
...does he deserve it?
rot in prison?
And you...
...after working undercover
for years...
...have you ever caught it?
Even if you ever.
will he be punished?
Death of your family
not a reason for revenge.
That's because it's not
your deceased family.
- Hello?
- Dad is gone this week.
When is Dad coming home?
Let me talk to him.
Why Dad?
not answering the phone?
In addition. one continues
call our house.
I hear you.
Okay. I'll take care of it.
Don't worry.
Good.
Hello?
It's me.
Where are you?
We've been looking for you
everywhere.
I've caught Song Bang.
You are okay?
Meet me at Eka Pier first.
I'm on my way there.
Our men will arrive later.
I have a tarnished witness here.
Can you take care of it?
What is the request?
Protection.
Does anyone else know?
No.
Okay. Wait for me.
What are your plans after this?
Going to sea and fishing.
Then I'll come along.
- Where is he?
- Officer Luo.
Song Bang.
Then he?
Her name is Su Wan.
My informant.
Let him go.
Mr. Song. why did you want to see me?
I need your help.
My job is to catch you.
not helping you.
But I'm sure you don't
will disappoint me.
MATTHEW KANE BIOGRAPHY
Catch the dealer
This drug is easy for you.
After that I will improve myself.
serving the community...
...and repent.
all of that is also easy to do.
It depends on the judge.
The judge didn't know he was a criminal.
I will look for evidence.
What if you can't?
You invested in property and lost.
You owe the bank a lot of money. I know.
I also know the existence
the drug dealer.
If you help me catch him.
I will pay off your debt.
Then if I become mayor...
...you will be promoted
become a commissioner.
I won't help you.
Try standing on a high place...
...and look down. like me.
The world looks different from above...
...Commissioner.
That is right.
Keep following me.
Climb higher.
Higher.
Even higher.
Higher. Good.
Getting higher.
We will climb easily.
Why?
Be quiet.
From now on there is no mafia or
drug dealer named Song Bang.
I have completed your mission.
Just made me some bait.
I will make one for you too.
One more stab.
All this time you were with me...
...but you don't learn
to trust no one...
...except yourself.
Where is the item?
In the evidence warehouse.
Will be returned after being recorded.
Give me the phone.
It's me. Mr. Jin.
What? Explanation?
The item is missing
and my men died.
The police are on your trail.
I also asked for an explanation.
Do you want the item?
I'll think about it.
See you later.
The item is only worth 15 million
but I need 30 million.
I have to sell it again.
My initial plan...
...finish you and Willie...
...and let the police
confiscated my stuff.
So there is no
who knows I betrayed.
Who would have thought
this bastard would appear.
Fortunately. there are only
one winner.
That is me.
What if it were like this?
This is the first time.
never happened before.
I will burn incense for you
while you are still alive.
For you too for you.
Hopefully we don't meet again.
ONE MONTH LATER
You've been lying down
for more than a month.
The doctor said your muscles
experiencing severe atrophy.
Your vocal cords and throat
also suffered serious injuries.
Take it easy.
Your face is badly burned.
Cannot be returned.
Before he died. Zha wanted to
you got a face donor.
Live a good life
with the identity of Zha.
I've tried my best.
but he didn't survive.
See for yourself.
Polls show
Song Bang leads in the northern area.
You have received your final payment
and your home is now safe.
What about your promise to me?
Do not worry.
Your goods will be delivered tomorrow.
Tomorrow. we will break even.
Come on. our deal not just once.
Now we are partners.
I will make you a commissioner.
Tomorrow I'm counting on you.
Mr. Song. your belongings are secured.
from the destruction site...
...and has been submitted
to your men.
FUNDS IN
AS MUCH AS 15.000.000 USD
How?
Okay. I promise
this is the last transaction.
May your business be successful.
OPEN
CLOSED
Sorry. sir. we are closed.
Closed tonight or forever?
We are closed this month.
From now on. there will be no more
who knows his identity.
PERSONNEL NOTES
POLICE DEPARTMENT
Zheng Zha has a girlfriend.
He doesn't know anything.
I didn't ask for your opinion.
Excuse me.
Song Bang wants you dead.
Blame yourself
because he knew Zheng Zha.
Zheng Zha?
Listen to me.
I was forced to do this.
This is not my fault.
Absolutely not.
You have to trust me.
I don't...
You want to catch Song Bang. right?
I have the proof.
The proof is on my phone.
I can help you.
Don't kill me.
I will help you catch Song Bang.
I am willing to be a witness.
I want to go to jail
if required.
Just don't kill me.
I can help your career
restored again.
Only I can prove your identity
as an undercover police officer.
After your name is restored...
...you can take my position.
Hey. you are a police officer.
You can't kill me.
Zha..
Thank you for
taking care of me all this time.
I will give my respect...
...for you with
this glass of arak.
Be careful.
Everything is ready.
There is a ship...
...from Pengjiang Wharf to Africa
South at 8:00 AM tomorrow.
You go or stay here...
...up to you.
I will pretend that
I never saw you.
Come here. check this out.
Officer Mai. CCTV cameras recorded...
...a man goes
with pregnant women.
- Check it out.
- Good.
Check the airport. docks.
train station. bus terminal...
...and the maternity ward
in the hospital.
Look for them at all costs.
- Okay sir.
- Wait.
- This needs to be checked.
- Go to the Intelligence Department.
And cross-check the data.
Yes. Sir.
There's blood here.
Today. Song Bang.
mayoral candidate...
...for Mancheng Laika...
...attend the send-off ceremony
New Year at Sunan River.
He gave an offering
for all city residents.
Residents expressed their hopes...
...for Song Bang's leadership.
Residents believe he can lead
Mancheng to a bright future.
Thank you very much!
Thank You!
Don't shoot.
There are too many people here.
The fish is strange.
He has been released into the water...
...but he jumped back onto land.
looking for death.
There are too many people here.
Don't make a fuss.
Wait for me at my hotel.
Song Bang will not let us go.
Just go to the hospital.
If I could go back...
...I will pick you up.
Zha gave that name to the child.
Remember.
PERSONNEL BIODATA
LAIKA POLICE
DATA RECOVERY
Don't worry.
The goods will be shipped
handed over to you tomorrow.
I will prepare the position
commissioner for you.
Officer Mai. we have intelligence.
Zheng Zha went to Song's house.
- Let's move.
- Okay sir!
Push.
Good.
Again. Push harder.
The situation is very critical.
If you insist
giving birth naturally...
...your life will be in danger.
Breathe!
Good.
- Push again.
- Please save..
Save..
Push.
- Save the child..
- Push again!
- You have to save..
- Zheng Yi.
Officer Zheng. are you looking for me?
You are really great.
You can get here alone.
But what a shame.
The police will be here soon.
They will see...
...a crazy intruder
breaking into the house...
...a mayoral candidate.
Then...
...shot by Mayor Song.
Tomorrow the newspaper will say...
...political rivals are suspected
in the attack on Song."
Thank you for your help.
Why?
You refuse to die?
You are indeed tough.
I recognize the handle of this knife.
Isn't it made of sacred wood?
the one you took 10 years ago?
Too bad.
Even God will not
protect you now.
Does not matter.
I will send you to the afterlife.
Zheng Zha. drop the weapon!
Shoot him!
He's going to kill me!
I'm going to die!
Shoot him now!
Zheng Zha!
Your police number is PC4489.
You report directly to Luo En.
I have recovered
all data from Luo En's phone.
Zheng Zha!
I'm not Zheng Zha.
PLEASE CALM
WASH YOUR HANDS
AS OFTEN AS POSSIBLE
Mr. Song.
Zheng Zha tries to attack you.
You pull out a gun
to defend oneself.
They can't sue you for it.
We must believe in the law.
The law protects
good people like us...
...and make sure not to
there are bad guys who got away.
- Do you understand?
- You are right.
From now on.
leave everything to me.
You don't need to answer
anyone's question.
I apologize.
Thank You.
This is for you.
TRANSLATION: MNC VISION